README.md, before:

![mHlogo](https://github.com/jsanchez679/morphoHeart/blob/main/images/morphoHeart_black.png)


`morphoHeart` is an open source software for segmentation and morphometric analysis of bioimages, intended for research use only. It is an exciting alternative to free and commercially available software, offering a comprehensive pipeline that provides semi-automated segmentation capabilities and improves the suite of tools and quantifications available in the biological field to characterise organ morphology and tissue distribution. 

## 📙 User Manual
Download the most recent version of `morphoHeart's` manual [here](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/ft7i6t8d0hc859t7ii9a3/User-Manual-v1o0o0.pdf?rlkey=ebyp3xyjhau78kc3tqu5td8s0&dl=0).
The user manual includes: 
- A step-by-step process to install `morphoHeart's` GUI
- A *Getting Started* section to get you started using `morphoHeart`
- Links to a series of *Video Tutorials* running the different modules included in `morphoHeart`
- A section explaining `morphoHeart's` capabilities and its morphological analysis library
- A final section with tips, specifically for those wishing to analyse *zebrafish* hearts using `morphoHeart`

### Happy *morphoHeart-ing* 🤓!

Commit message:

Coded run_all buttons in the analysis_window. Updated README with paper

README.md, after:

![mHlogo](https://github.com/jsanchez679/morphoHeart/blob/main/images/morphoHeart_black.png)


`morphoHeart` is an open source software for segmentation and morphometric analysis of bioimages, intended for research use only. It is an exciting alternative to free and commercially available software, offering a comprehensive pipeline that provides semi-automated segmentation capabilities and improves the suite of tools and quantifications available in the biological field to characterise organ morphology and tissue distribution. 

## 📙 User Manual
Download the most recent version of `morphoHeart's` manual [here](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/ft7i6t8d0hc859t7ii9a3/User-Manual-v1o0o0.pdf?rlkey=ebyp3xyjhau78kc3tqu5td8s0&dl=0).
The user manual includes: 
- A step-by-step process to install `morphoHeart's` GUI
- A *Getting Started* section to get you started using `morphoHeart`
- Links to a series of *Video Tutorials* running the different modules included in `morphoHeart`
- A section explaining `morphoHeart's` capabilities and its morphological analysis library
- A final section with tips, specifically for those wishing to analyse *zebrafish* hearts using `morphoHeart`

Don't forget to cite morphoHeart's [paper](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2024.02.19.580991v2) when you publish your results using the software!

Sánchez-Posada, J. & Noël, E. S. morphoHeart: a novel quantitative tool to perform integrated 3D morphometric analyses of heart and ECM morphology during embryonic development. Preprint (2024).

### Happy *morphoHeart-ing* 🤓!
